two decades Behind Bars and 133 years in
Exile spent more time away from his
family home than in it 81 years old
aru's mother has not seen him since he
was deported from the occupied West Bank
in
2010 he asked me would you rather me
stay in jail or be deported I said live
in another country you will be at least
able to get married and have children he
had two girls and one
boy to Israel he was a terrorist to
Palestinians he was a leader the man who
founded hamas's military Wing the Kasam
brigades in the occupied West Bank to
his family he was a son and a brother
who shouldered the burden of living
under Israel's
occupation the most difficult was when
they arrested him for months we didn't
know anything about him we couldn't even
get them to allow a lawyer's visit he
was in military interrogation and
solitary confinement and lost 45 kilos
my mother almost collapsed when she saw
him
then the family says choosing the path
of resisting the occupation meant that
his days were
numbered in October his home in arura
Village near ramala was
demolished mourned by Palestinians
across the territory the fat party
called for a general strike to
commemorate his death and condemn his
assassination in the occupied West Bank
where he was born and raised aluri is
remembered as a Hamas leader who was
keen on restoring National Palestinian
unity and working to end internal
divisions senior fat leader jiel ERJ
joined protesters in ramala he didn't
speak to the media but said aruri was a
loyal Fighter for Palestine who
dedicated his life to serving the cause
both he and aruri were involved in
reconciliation talks between fat and
Hamas over the
years even before the Hamas attack on
Southern Israel on October the 7th aruri
topped Israel's Hit List he was the
group's second most senior official but
to many Palestinians here also a son and
a respected leader nid ibraim Al jazer
arura the occupied West Bank